today we present homemade tonics for
oily skin
welcome you knew a new video today
let's practice about those
homemade tonics for oily skin and it's
we know what tonic is very good
for our beauty why because
helps clean impurities helps the
girl to cool the skin to clean us
for the infected and especially if they are
topics for oily skin that better than
to eliminate art that's why today
I bring you some recipes to make
your own technicians at home that form
very good with all my homemade box and that
they will be very easy to prepare
so pay close attention in your
tips
our first topic that we're going to
elaborate in addition to the following
ingredients that are come cucumbers without
shell and a little bag of snow for
know its repair and how long not
we are going to apply let's see heats
a cup of water and it's an infusion with
an envelope of green tea peels half cucumber and
process it to reduce it to puree and
mix it later with the tea to a
rather warm temperature for
prevent the cucumber from over-ripening
let sit this mixture for some
minutes and then pass it through a filter or
strainer pressing with the back of a
spoon to extract all the liquid
possible preserved in a glass jar
is made with a lid for 3 a
5 days in the fridge use it in the morning and
at night to remove excess
fats impurities and even makeup
of your skin rubbing it gently with a
ball or clean cotton disk
in this second tonic is a gray
favorites because they do not use the geishas
and especially help not only for
fat eliminate glare skin
but also to rejuvenate the and about
everything also for a leg itself
remove the stains that bother me from
face and all we need are
the following ingredients as per
example organic rice we are not
half a cup of this organic rice and
also half a cup of water that is very
indicated because it will help us
our faithful cup of his preparation and of
what form works for this in a bowl
the rice is put, the water is left
stand for two hours so that the rose
that all your starches rich in
vitamin e once past two hours
with a colander and a small container
we add the rice tonic ready to
used with a cotton disk and
go through the clean face
this third technician in extremely
important even the following are
very easy to get and most
curious about these ingredients that are
highly opposed but when they work
in sets are phenomenal on the one hand
let's apply the aloe vera that
it really is a fabulous ingredient to
I really love it because it helps you
to moisturize the skin and rejuvenate the
especially me glove masks
Well, with aloe vera and the truth is
it works superbly and of course
we are also going to need the lemon that
what I have clearer the skin already
clean the make that together
they are really great to achieve
a tonic that we need then
we need two tablespoons of skin
aloe vera that is about this and also
we need
a tablespoon of fresh lemon juice
squeezed let's prepare
make the mixture and moisten a cotton with
the resulting liquid and apply it
gently all over your face leaving
that dries naturally and without
rinse it is advisable to apply this
lotion at night before going to
sleep
a life you know three types of toxics that
You can use
obviously you can choose any one for
be able to help and in 10 kansas especially
to remove the famous blackhead
it is and in a very short time they can give
very much
I remember that to choose a topic
you have to know the type of skin you have
obviously these types of tonics do not go
to work on dry skin either in 10
mixed because some foundations yes but
it is recommended more than all graffiti in
fat so you have oily skin have
although using these tonics to
Clean your skin to cover itches and over
everything to help extreme cleanliness
subscribe to our YouTube channel
to receive more more beauty tips
and watson we're also going to go back
that is where we are publishing all
the videos also for you to do
easy power weights
and of course we can not leave for a
side is the one that is showing up to
continuation where also you are going to
to see some tips of
women's makeup finished step to
step and then I think we love
us and with this I go
saying goodbye to very special greetings
for all of you in countries like Spain
united states colombia venezuela all
Central America also Mexico
thank you very much for always seeing us and a
great hug for all until the next
all right
and we are going to elaborate our first tone
It's going to be very easy and very simple
ingredients we need is the
we are half cucumber that obviously already
be without shell because we are going to leave it
in this way and of course also
is attached to the other and indeed peak is
one of my favorites mostly because
used by the famous porridge and is that
it really is a tonic that is going to
help a lot to whiten your skin is going to
help for rejuvenation we just
to discover 3